The inside diameter continues in this animation
It is this coming brain
It will be a comparison video of the loud cherry blossoms of Raiden and Super Leiden
Yes
Super Leiden so ring the Raiden Well is it this a first immediately the fact that a
a
Let's try mini middle supermarket 3 stages
First of all in the box that is not super box It will accustom you from hair lightning cost of 900 yen of a regular cat
Please try to hear
It sounded three times
h
Oh, it is such a place and it sounds a bit
Because it is bothersome
Yes it will be here
Gather here
I can be in the lowest mode
Will go
I will go middle middle
I will go to super
Hmm
Yes
I wonder if he has become big after
I think this is quite cheap because it is 900 yen
No place